The young master's idle people have been cleaned up.
It's your turn next.
Hello, my name is Wang Jiaqi.
What to say
Come out and have already said it.
I won't talk about it here.
Here it is.
We cross shadows here in the name of Wanjia
And plans to establish a new financial conglomerate
I hope everyone can develop together
A lot of support
My Huang family is willing to invest 50 million
My Liu family invested 100 million
My Jin family is also willing to support
The young master's financing plan this time exceeds 10 billion yuan
People in the family will be very pleased to know
That's right, sir
I have something very important to discuss with you.